01learningmarkdown.md, before:

## 01 - Learning Markdown

#### Reading Notes

**Markdown** is a quick and easy way to format text for the web without taking the time to fully code your website with HTML. This allows you to focus on your **content**, not your code.

### **Content** > ~~Code~~

Markdown is supported on GitHub, as well as any file that ends in .md (which stands for "Markdown").

There is a lot you can do with Markdown, but here are the basics to get you started on GitHub. (Reference: [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax))

--------------------

#### Basic Formatting:

Style | Syntax | Example | Output
----- | ------ | ------- | ------
Bold | `** **` or `__ __` | **`**This is bold text!**`** | **This is bold text!**
Italic | `* *` or `_ _` | **`*This is italic text.*`** | *This is italic text.*
Strikethrough | `~~ ~~` | **`~~This is strikethrough text.~~`** | ~~This is strikethrough text~~


#### Bulleted List:
Use `- ` or `* ` before each item in your list. For example, this: 

```
- This is a bulleted list.
- This is another item.
```
Will look like this:

- This is a bulleted list.
- This is another item.

#### Numbered List:

Simply number your list with `1. `, `2. `, and so on. For example, this: 

```
1. This is a numbered list.
2. This is another item.
```
Will look like this:

1. This is a bulleted list.
2. This is another item.

#### Headings:

# # Heading 1
## ## Heading 2
### ### Heading 3
#### #### Heading 4
##### ##### Heading 5
###### ###### Heading 6

Commit message:

Reviewed in prep for cloning
Changed bulleted list to "unordered list", added Home link

01learningmarkdown.md, after:

# 01 - Learning Markdown

#### Reading Notes

**Markdown** is a quick and easy way to format text for the web without taking the time to fully code your website with HTML. This allows you to focus on your **content**, not your code.

### **Content** > ~~Code~~

Markdown is supported on GitHub, as well as any file that ends in .md (which stands for "Markdown").

There is a lot you can do with Markdown, but here are the basics to get you started on GitHub. (Reference: [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax))

--------------------

#### Basic Formatting:

Style | Syntax | Example | Output
----- | ------ | ------- | ------
Bold | `** **` or `__ __` | **`**This is bold text!**`** | **This is bold text!**
Italic | `* *` or `_ _` | **`*This is italic text.*`** | *This is italic text.*
Strikethrough | `~~ ~~` | **`~~This is strikethrough text.~~`** | ~~This is strikethrough text~~


#### Unordered List:
Use `- ` or `* ` before each item in your list. For example, this: 

```
- This is an unordered list.
- This is another item.
```
Will look like this:

- This is a unordered list.
- This is another item.

#### Numbered List:

Simply number your list with `1. `, `2. `, and so on. For example, this: 

```
1. This is a numbered list.
2. This is another item.
```
Will look like this:

1. This is a bulleted list.
2. This is another item.

#### Headings:

# # Heading 1
## ## Heading 2
### ### Heading 3
#### #### Heading 4
##### ##### Heading 5
###### ###### Heading 6

[Back to Home](https://superlizzy.github.io/reading-notes/)
